Surface recent blog posts and the next event on the homepage (#20665)
pulumi/docs: content/_index.md

        size: half
    anchor: case-studies

  - type: latest_posts
    title: What's new at Pulumi

>     description: Deep dives, product news, and live workshops from the Pulumi team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: What's new at Pulumi
    description: Product news, engineering insights, and hands-on workshops from the team.
```
